the knock-on young people these days
Millennials as they're called is that
they're lazy self-absorbed and needy the
unwillingness to work hard to get there
they really want to work hard and they
really want to succeed let's see it it
seems like we've been misunderstood my
name is Thomas and after graduating from
University I spent four months thinking
about what I wanted to do with my life
applying for jobs that didn't excite me
for reasons I didn't understand I felt
like I was carving my own destiny into a
mundane and frustrating life it wasn't
that it was lazy entitled and I'm
pathetic it's the times have changed and
Society had given me a path that I felt
was outdated so my quest for answers I
decided to try something different in
the summer of 2015 I met three strangers
Matt amar and Erin who felt the same way
I did together we wanted to spend the
most thrilling month of our lives so we
decided to try 30 things we have never
done before in 30 days with about $500
to spare for the month and living in our
friend Dre's one-bedroom apartment we
spent 16 hours planning filming editing
and uploading a video every single day
to share our story on the list there are
things our friends and family strongly
advised us not to do but we did it
anyway
because why not
this is my friend comminution birthday
today he's raising money for charity oh
it literally tastes like a rug inside
you a seven-man
a group of friends is spending this
month pushing out of their comfort zone
they're hoping it'll inspire Montrealers
to take some risks
Oh clearly he's busy we're gonna meet
him
there's no idea
we can't see true
Hey
to the end
those things over a
Oh
I miss you